w-12734353-first section (#2309)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: http/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/http-authentication.adoc

    </tls:context>
----

[[oauth2-grant-authentication-connected-apps]]
== Configure OAuth2 Authorization Code Grant Type Authentication Using Connected Apps
:page-aliases: connectors::http/http-configure-authorization-code-for-requester.adoc

You can also configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication using the xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps] feature.  

> Thw following example shows how to configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication for the HTTP *Request* operation by creating a Mule app to access a protected resource and the resource in the resource server. See xref:mule-runtime::authorization-grant-types.adoc[OAuth Authorization Grant Types]. The example covers how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication for the HTTP *Request* operation by creating a Mule app to access a protected resource and the resource in the resource server. See xref:mule-runtime::authorization-grant-types.adoc[OAuth Authorization Grant Types]. The example covers how to:
```

* Create the Mule app
* Add redirection to local authorization URL
* Add OAuth authentication
* Add the connected app
* Add token URL
* Run the Mule app

This example requires that you have an Anypoint Platform account that has the organization administrator permission.

Before you create the Mule app, review the following steps for getting OAuth access token and returning token for data:

. The user submits an HTTP request in the Mule app.

> . The Mule app redirects the request to the protected resource in the Anypoint organization server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The Mule app forwards the request to the protected resource in the Anypoint organization server.
```

. The Anypoint organization server rejects the request because the Mule app doesn't have a token.
. The Mule app redirects the user to an URL corresponding to the authorization server, indicating where to call the Mule app back when the authorization code is available.
. The user authenticates itself to the authorization server.
. The authorization server returns an authorization code back to the redirect URI.
. The Mule app calls the authorization server again and provides the authorization code to obtain an access token (stored in a object store).

> . The Mule app calls the authorization server, providing a valid access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The Mule app tries to access the protected resource again, providing a valid access token.
```

. The Anypoint organization server validated the token and delivers the protected resource after successful authentication. 
+
Note that the user is not expose to the token nor the Mule app sees customer credentials, but just an authorization code. 

=== Create the Mule App

When you create a Mule app, the flow tries to access a protected resource in the Anypoint organization server with no authentication configured:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="listenerConfig">
  <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8070" />
</http:listener-config>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<configuration-properties file="local-config.yaml" />
```

Reviewer: We could add a reference to this document: https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.4/configuring-properties
I think that a customer who is configuring OAuth would already know how to configure properties, but it's a precondition and we could just add the link...

Author: I've added this reference to the section "This example requires that you..."

<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
  <http:request-connection protocol="HTTPS" host="${host}" port="${port}" />
</http:request-config>

<flow name="authCodeFlow">
  <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/test" />
  <http:request method="GET" config-ref="requestConfig" path="${resource}" />
</flow>
----

The Mule app consists of an HTTP *Listener* source and an HTTP *Request* operation. If the `host`, `port`, and `resource` properties in your YAML file aren't set to an accessible resource, the Anypoint platform fails with a 401 status code because it expects to obtain the access token in the request:

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
----

=== Add Redirection to Local Authorization URL

The app uses credentials to identify itself to the authentication server. On your XML file, add the redirection to the authorization URL:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="listenerConfig">
  <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8070" />
</http:listener-config>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<configuration-properties file="local-config.yaml" />
```

<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
  <http:request-connection protocol="HTTPS" host="${host}" port="${port}" />
</http:request-config>

<flow name="authCodeFlow">
  <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/test" >
    <http:response statusCode="#[vars.redirectStatus default '200']" >
      <http:headers>
        #[vars.redirectLocationHeaders default {}]
      </http:headers>
    </http:response>
  </http:listener>
 
 <http:request method="GET" config-ref="requestConfig" path="${resource}" />
  <error-handler>
    <on-error-continue type="MULE:SECURITY" >
      <set-variable
        variableName="redirectLocationHeaders" 
        value="#[{'Location': '${local.authorization.url}'}]" />
      <set-variable variableName="redirectStatus" value="302" />
    </on-error-continue>
  </error-handler>
</flow>
----

Do the same to your YAML file:

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
----

=== Add OAuth Authentication

> An OAuth dance mechanism starts when the authentication is added to the HTTP request connection. This creates an endpoint in the `localAuthorizationUrl` that redirects you to the `authorizationUrl` parameter used to configure the authorization server location. In the following example, the location is `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize`.

Reviewer: Maybe in this point we could clarify the detail regarding the dynamic configs. What do you think?

Author: What do you think of:
"Note that this example uses dynamic configuration. See xref:mule-sdk::static-dynamic-configs.adoc[Dynamic Configurations]."

Reviewer: It's ok for me!

        resourceOwnerId="#['yourAnypointEmail']" />
    </http:authentication>
  </http:request-connection>
</http:request-config>
----

Do the same to your YAML file:

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “???”
connected.app.client.secret: “???”
local.callback.path: “???”
external.callback.url: “???”
token.url: “???”
----

=== Add the Connected App

The Connected Apps feature enables you to delegate access to applications that use APIs to interact with Anypoint Platform. This feature supports OAuth 2.0.  See xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps]. To create a Connected App in the Anypoint Platform:

 . In Anypoint Platform > *Access Management* > select *Connect Apps*.
 . Click *Create App*.
 . Set a name.
 . Set *Type* to `App acts on behalf of a user`.
 . Set *Grant Type* to `Authorization Code`.
 . Set *Website URL* to a website you choose.

>  . Set *Redirect URIs* to a website you choose. You are configuring the `external.callback.url`.

Reviewer: This is an URI belonging to your Mule app. It's where the Authorization Code will be sent. I would remove the "website you choose" part and clarify this fact

authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopyIdButton”
connected.app.client.secret: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopySecretButton”
local.callback.path: “/callback”
external.callback.url: “http://localhost:8070/callback”
token.url: “???”
----

=== Add Token URL

To complete the process, you need to add the `token.url` property. After the Mule app obtains the authorization code (through the authorization callback URL), OAuth request an access token from `token.url`.   

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopyIdButton”
connected.app.client.secret: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopySecretButton”
local.callback.path: “/callback”
external.callback.url: “http://localhost:8070/callback”
token.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token”
----

=== Run the Mule App

> To run the Mule app and get the get the authorization code, perform the following steps before the access token expires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Mule app and get the get the authorization code, perform the following steps:
```

> . In your browser, enter the local authorization URL `http://localhost:8070/test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your browser, enter the flow's URL `http://localhost:8070/test`.
```

+
Anypoint Platform prompts you to log in. 
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using your credentials. 
+
Anypoint Platform prompts you to authorize access to your account. Connected App now acts on your behalf.
. Click *Grant access to*.
+ 
The authorization code is sent to the `http://localhost:8070/callback` endpoint and the Mule app retrieves a token from `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token`.
+
`Successfully retrieved access token` appears as body text in the browser you used to initiate the OAuth2 dance.

> . For the token to get data, enter the local authorization URL in a browser again `http://localhost:8081/github`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To access the protected resource, enter the flow's URL in a browser again `http://localhost:8070/test`.
```

    </tls:context>
----

[[oauth2-grant-authentication-connected-apps]]
== Configure OAuth2 Authorization Code Grant Type Authentication Using Connected Apps
:page-aliases: connectors::http/http-configure-authorization-code-for-requester.adoc

> You can also configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication using the xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps] feature.  

Reviewer 2: The "also" assumes that people are reading sequentially. I think users will pick either the previous or this method.

> You can also configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication using the xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps] feature.  

Reviewer 2: I sort of want to use hyphens to combine some of these adjectives and nouns to make it easier to parse:
authorization-code grant-type authentication

Author: The OAuth [https://oauth.net/2/grant-types/authorization-code/#:~:text=The%20Authorization%20Code%20grant%20type,to%20request%20an%20access%20token.] documentation uses this terms without `-`, plus this document.

The following example shows how to configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication for the HTTP *Request* operation by creating a Mule app to access a protected resource and the resource in the resource server. See xref:mule-runtime::authorization-grant-types.adoc[OAuth Authorization Grant Types]. The example covers how to:

> * Create the Mule app

Reviewer 2: Should these be numbered? (are they sequential?)

Reviewer 2: Is this correct - a protected resource and the resource in the resource server?

Author: They are sequential. I'll change it to enumeration. :)

> * Create the Mule app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create the Mule app.
```

Reviewer 2: Add terminating punctuation since they're all full sentences.

* Add redirection to local authorization URL
* Add OAuth authentication
* Add the connected app

> * Add token URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add the token URL.
```

* Run the Mule app

[NOTE]

> This example requires you to have access to an Anypoint Platform account with organization administrator permission and be familiar with xref:mule-runtime::configuring-properties.adoc[Configuring Properties].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example requires an Anypoint Platform account with organization administrator permission and familiarity with xref:mule-runtime::configuring-properties.adoc[Configuring Properties].
```

Before you create the Mule app, review the following steps for getting OAuth access token and returning token for data:

. The user submits an HTTP request in the Mule app.
. The Mule app forwards the request to the protected resource in the Anypoint organization server.
. The Anypoint organization server rejects the request because the Mule app doesn't have a token.

> . The Mule app redirects the user to an URL corresponding to the authorization server, indicating where to call the Mule app back when the authorization code is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The Mule app redirects the user to the URL that corresponds to the authorization server, indicating where to call the Mule app back when the authorization code is available.
```

. The user authenticates itself to the authorization server.
. The authorization server returns an authorization code back to the redirect URI.
. The Mule app calls the authorization server again and provides the authorization code to obtain an access token (stored in an object store).
. The Mule app tries to access the protected resource again, providing a valid access token.

> . The Anypoint organization server validated the token and delivers the protected resource after successful authentication. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The Anypoint organization server validates the token and delivers the protected resource after successful authentication. 
```

+

> Note that the user is not exposed to the token nor does the Mule app see customer credentials, but just an authorization code. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the user does not see the token. The Mule app sees only an authorization code, not customer credentials. 
```

=== Create the Mule App

When you create a Mule app, the flow tries to access a protected resource in the Anypoint organization server with no authentication configured:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="listenerConfig">
  <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8070" />
</http:listener-config>

<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
  <http:request-connection protocol="HTTPS" host="${host}" port="${port}" />
</http:request-config>

<flow name="authCodeFlow">
  <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/test" />
  <http:request method="GET" config-ref="requestConfig" path="${resource}" />
</flow>
----

> The Mule app consists of an HTTP *Listener* source and an HTTP *Request* operation. If the `host`, `port`, and `resource` properties in your YAML file aren't set to an accessible resource, the Anypoint Platform fails with a 401 status code because it expects to obtain the access token in the request:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mule app consists of an HTTP *Listener* source and an HTTP *Request* operation. If the `host`, `port`, and `resource` properties in your YAML file aren't set to an accessible resource, Anypoint Platform fails with a 401 status code because it expects to obtain the access token in the request:
```

Reviewer 2: Does Anypoint Platform or the request fail? Does "it" refer to AP?

Author: It's refering to Anypoint Platform. Can we change the "it" for just "platform" in this scenario?

Reviewer 2: I think "it" is fine if it's Anypoint Platform that fails.

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
----

=== Add Redirection to Local Authorization URL

> The app uses credentials to identify itself to the authentication server. On your XML file, add the redirection to the authorization URL:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The app uses credentials to identify itself to the authentication server. In your XML file, add the redirection to the authorization URL:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="listenerConfig">
  <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8070" />
</http:listener-config>

<configuration-properties file="local-config.yaml" />

<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
  <http:request-connection protocol="HTTPS" host="${host}" port="${port}" />
</http:request-config>

<flow name="authCodeFlow">
  <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/test" >
    <http:response statusCode="#[vars.redirectStatus default '200']" >
      <http:headers>
        #[vars.redirectLocationHeaders default {}]
      </http:headers>
    </http:response>
  </http:listener>
 
 <http:request method="GET" config-ref="requestConfig" path="${resource}" />
  <error-handler>
    <on-error-continue type="MULE:SECURITY" >
      <set-variable
        variableName="redirectLocationHeaders" 
        value="#[{'Location': '${local.authorization.url}'}]" />
      <set-variable variableName="redirectStatus" value="302" />
    </on-error-continue>
  </error-handler>
</flow>
----

> Do the same to your YAML file:

Reviewer 2: Add the same redirection to...

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
----

=== Add OAuth Authentication

> An OAuth dance mechanism starts when the authentication is added to the HTTP request connection. This creates an endpoint in the `localAuthorizationUrl` that redirects you to the `authorizationUrl` parameter used to configure the authorization server location. In the following example, the location is `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An OAuth dance mechanism starts when the authentication is added to the HTTP request connection. This authentication creates an endpoint in the `localAuthorizationUrl` that redirects you to the `authorizationUrl` parameter used to configure the authorization server location. In the following example, the location is `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize`.
```

> Note that this example uses dynamic configuration represented by the use of an expression in the `resourceOwnerId` parameter. See xref:mule-sdk::static-dynamic-configs.adoc[Dynamic Configurations].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses dynamic configuration represented by the use of an expression in the `resourceOwnerId` parameter. See xref:mule-sdk::static-dynamic-configs.adoc[Dynamic Configurations].
```

> After the `</http:listener-config>` and before `<flow name="authCodeFlow">`, add the following statement to enable the OAuth authorization code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After `</http:listener-config>` and before `<flow name="authCodeFlow">`, add the following statement to enable the OAuth authorization code:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<oauth:token-manager-config name="tokenManagerConfig"/>

<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
  <http:request-connection protocol="HTTPS" host="${host}" port="${port}" >
    <http:authentication>
      <oauth:authorization-code-grant-type
        localCallbackConfig="listenerConfig"  
        localCallbackConfigPath="${local.callback.path}" 
        localAuthorizationUrl="${local.authorization.url}"         
        authorizationUrl="${authorization.url}"
        clientId="${connected.app.client.id}"
        clientSecret="${connected.app.client.secret}"
        scopes="full"
        tokenUrl="${token.url}"
        tokenManager="tokenManagerConfig" 
        externalCallbackUrl="${external.callback.url}" 
        refreshTokenWhen="#[attributes.statusCode == 401]" 
        localAuthorizationUrlResourceOwnerId="#['yourAnypointEmail']" 
        resourceOwnerId="#['yourAnypointEmail']" />
    </http:authentication>
  </http:request-connection>
</http:request-config>
----

> Do the same to your YAML file:

Reviewer 2: See line 801

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “???”
connected.app.client.secret: “???”
local.callback.path: “???”
external.callback.url: “???”
token.url: “???”
----

=== Add the Connected App

The Connected Apps feature enables you to delegate access to applications that use APIs to interact with Anypoint Platform. This feature supports OAuth 2.0.  See xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps]. To create a Connected App in the Anypoint Platform:

>  . In Anypoint Platform > *Access Management* > select *Connect Apps*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 . In Anypoint Platform > *Access Management* > select *Connected Apps*.
```

>  . Click *Create App*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 . Click *Create app*.
```

>  . Set a name.

Reviewer 2: Specify?

>  . Set *Type* to `App acts on behalf of a user`.

Reviewer 2: I think these things in code font should be bold instead because they appear in the UI.

 . Set *Grant Type* to `Authorization Code`.

>  . Set *Website URL* to a website you choose.

Reviewer 2: "you choose" feels strange here. Can you give more guidance?

 . Set *Redirect URIs* to your Mule app. You are configuring the `external.callback.url`.

>  . In *Scopes*, set *General* to `Full Access`.

Reviewer 2: I don't see this in the Ui.

Author: I saw it on the demo the dev gave me. I think that for this section we should have Admin permissions.

 . Click *Save*.
 

> A new Connected App appears enabling you to use the *Copy Id* and *Copy Secret* buttons to update the properties YAML file:

Reviewer 2: Should this be a paragraph under the last step?
And then a new step for copying the ID and secret values and pasting them in the YAML?

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopyIdButton”
connected.app.client.secret: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopySecretButton”
local.callback.path: “/callback”
external.callback.url: “http://localhost:8070/callback”
token.url: “???”
----

> === Add Token URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add the Token URL
```

> To complete the process, you need to add the `token.url` property. After the Mule app obtains the authorization code (through the authorization callback URL), OAuth requests an access token from `token.url`.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complete the process, add the `token.url` property. After the Mule app obtains the authorization code (through the authorization callback URL), OAuth requests an access token from `token.url`.   
```

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopyIdButton”
connected.app.client.secret: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopySecretButton”
local.callback.path: “/callback”
external.callback.url: “http://localhost:8070/callback”
token.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token”
----

=== Run the Mule App

To run the Mule app and get the authorization code, follow these steps:

> . In your browser, enter the flow's URL `http://localhost:8070/test`.

Reviewer 2: URL for the flow?

+
Anypoint Platform prompts you to log in. 
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using your credentials. 
+

> Anypoint Platform prompts you to authorize access to your account. Connected App now acts on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform prompts you to authorize access to your account. The connected app now acts on your behalf.
```

    </tls:context>
----

[[oauth2-grant-authentication-connected-apps]]
== Configure OAuth2 Authorization Code Grant Type Authentication Using Connected Apps
:page-aliases: connectors::http/http-configure-authorization-code-for-requester.adoc

You can configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication using the xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps] feature.  

The following example shows how to configure the OAuth2 authorization code grant type authentication for the HTTP *Request* operation by creating a Mule app to access a protected resource in the resource server. See xref:mule-runtime::authorization-grant-types.adoc[OAuth Authorization Grant Types]. The example covers how to:

> . Create the Mule app.

Reviewer 2: You could make each of these steps a link to the section, then it would be a kind of overview. Not necessary, though.

. Add redirection to local authorization URL.
. Add OAuth authentication.
. Add the connected app.
. Add the token URL.
. Run the Mule app.

[NOTE]
This example requires you to have access to an Anypoint Platform account with organization administrator permission and familiarity with xref:mule-runtime::configuring-properties.adoc[Configuring Properties].

> Before you create the Mule app, review the following steps for getting OAuth access token and returning token for data:

Reviewer 3: ...and returning **_the_** token for data:...

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
host: "anypoint.mulesoft.com"
port: "443"
resource: "/apiplatform/repository/v2/organizations/<your-org-id>/environments"
local.authorization.url: "http://localhost:8070/authorize"
authorization.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/authorize”
connected.app.client.id: “???”
connected.app.client.secret: “???”
local.callback.path: “???”
external.callback.url: “???”
token.url: “???”
----

=== Add the Connected App

The Connected Apps feature enables you to delegate access to applications that use APIs to interact with Anypoint Platform. This feature supports OAuth 2.0.  See xref:access-management::connected-apps-developers.adoc[Connected Apps]. To create a Connected App in the Anypoint Platform:

. In Anypoint Platform > *Access Management* > select *Connected Apps*.
. Click *Create app*.
. Set a name for your app.
. Set *Type* to *App acts on behalf of a user*.
. Set *Grant Type* to *Authorization Code*.
. Set *Website URL* to a website you choose.
. Set *Redirect URIs* to your Mule app. You are configuring the `external.callback.url`.
. In *Scopes*, set *General* to *Full Access*.
. Click *Save*.
+

> A new Connected App appears. Anypoint Platform assigns a client ID and client secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new connected app appears. Anypoint Platform assigns a client ID and client secret.
```

Reviewer 2: My rule of thumb is to use "Connected App" to refer to the feature, but "connected app" to refer to an app that you create with the Connected App feature.

connected.app.client.id: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopyIdButton”
connected.app.client.secret: “pasteWhatYouCopiedWithCopySecretButton”
local.callback.path: “/callback”
external.callback.url: “http://localhost:8070/callback”
token.url: “https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token”
----

=== Run the Mule App

To run the Mule app and get the authorization code, follow these steps:

. In your browser, enter the URL for the flow `http://localhost:8070/test`.
+
Anypoint Platform prompts you to log in. 
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using your credentials. 
+
Anypoint Platform prompts you to authorize access to your account. The connected app now acts on your behalf.
. Click *Grant access to*.
+ 
The authorization code is sent to the `http://localhost:8070/callback` endpoint and the Mule app retrieves a token from `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/v2/oauth2/token`.
+
`Successfully retrieved access token` appears as body text in the browser you used to initiate the OAuth2 dance.
. To access the protected resource, enter the flow's URL in a browser again `http://localhost:8070/test`.
+ 

> The request is processed with the token retrieved. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest active voice. 
The app processes the request using the retrieved token.
